Added switch widget (#2798)
slint-ui/slint: docs/language/src/builtins/widgets.md

## `CheckBox`

> Use a `CheckBox` to let the user select or deselect values, for example in a list with multiple options. Consider using a `Switch` element instead if the action resembles more something that's turned on or off.

Reviewer: Missing newline :)

```suggestion
Use a `CheckBox` to let the user select or deselect values, for example in a list with multiple options. Consider using a `Switch` element instead if the action resembles more something that's turned on or off.

```

## `CheckBox`

> A `CheckBox` should be used to selected or unselect values e.g. if the user have to choose between multiple options in a list. A `Switch` instead
> should be used to give the user the possibility to turn thing `on` or `off`.
> 

Reviewer: Nice!

A small suggestion to use the "Use XXX" phrase that I quite like for being direct and instructive:

```suggestion
Use a `CheckBox` to let the user select or deselect values, for example in a list with multiple options. Consider using a `Switch` element instead if the action resembles more something that's turned on or off.
```

}
```

## `Switch`

> A `Switch` is used to toggle between `checked` and `unchecked` state represented by a boolean.

Reviewer: Perhaps here it would be good to have some guidance how this differs from a `CheckBox`. And in the `CheckBox` docs some guidance how it differs from a `Switch`.

I quite like the form example you told me about the other day, but just about any simple example would do :). If you're not sure, then I can also try to come up with some text.

Reviewer 2: I try something ;-), you can check and update it if you like.

### Properties

-   **`checked`**: (_inout_ _bool_): Whether the switch is checked or not.

> -   **`enabled`**: (_in_ _bool_): Defaults to true. When false, the switch can't be pressed

Reviewer: That reminds me: Shouldn't the `ProgressIndicator` also have an `enabled` property?

Style: For consistency, please specify the default at the end, like with all the other properties.

Reviewer 2: > That reminds me: Shouldn't the ProgressIndicator also have an enabled property?

There is no `disabled` definition for `ProgressBar` in fluent and material design. I compared it also with other ui toolkits and it looks common that `ProgressBar` has no  `disabled` state

Reviewer: Okay. That kind of makes sense. I guess it just shouldn't be visible as an overall element if this "disabled" state is entered in the entire UI.

One thing that's a little awkward in our gallery is that when you check the "disable widgets" checkbox (or maybe switch in the future :-), then widgets may be left "behind" and drawn still enabled because they don't support that state. That looks bad IMO.

So in this very case, I would suggest to make the visibility of the `ProgressIndicator` conditional to the enabling of all other widgets.

(I know, this is OT to this PR :-)

-   **`has-focus`**: (_out_ _bool_): Set to true when the switch has keyboard focus.
-   **`text`** (_in_ _string_): The text written next to the switch.

### Callbacks

-   **`toggled()`**: The switch value changed

### Example

```slint
import { CheckBox } from "std-widgets.slint";
export component Example inherits Window {
    width: 200px;
    height: 25px;

>     CheckBox {

Reviewer: It seems wrong to me that the example for a `Switch` uses a `CheckBox`.

}
```

## `Switch`

> A `Switch` is a representation of a physical switch that allows users to turn things `on` or `off`. A `CheckBox` instead
> should be used to selected or unselect values e.g. if the user have to choose between multiple options in a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Switch` is a representation of a physical switch that allows users to turn things on or off. Consider using a `CheckBox` instead if you want the user to select or deselect values, for example in a list with multiple options.
```
